packages/curi-react-redirect/README.md, before:

# curi-react-redirect

[![npm][badge]][npm-link]

[badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/curi-react-redirect.svg
[npm-link]: https://npmjs.com/package/curi-react-redirect

## Installation

```
npm install --save curi-react-redirect
```

### UMD

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/curi-react-redirect@0.3.0/umd/curi-react-redirect.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  const Redirect = window.CuriReactRedirect;
</script>
```

The version number above may not always be accurate. To ensure that you are using the most
up to date version of the `curi` UMD build, open https://unpkg.com/curi-react-redirect/umd in your
browser and copy the link address for the `curi-react-redirect.js` file. That will provide you
with the URI of the most recent release. There is also a minimized version of the bundle
if you change the file name in the URI to `curi-react-redirect.min.js`.

**Note:** If you are using a UMD script, you will have to include `react` and `prop-types` scripts yourself.

## `<Redirect>`

The `<Redirect>` component lets you "render" a redirect. After the `<Redirect>` component has mounted, it will call the appropriate `history` method to navigate to a new URI.

`<Redirect>` works very similarly to a `<Link>`, except instead of having navigation triggered by a click, with a `<Redirect>` the navigation will happen automatically just by rendering the component.

```js
<Redirect to='Home' />
```

### props

#### `to`

The name of the route that should be used to generate the pathname of the URI to navigate to.

#### `params`

Any path params of the route specified with the `to` prop (or the params for any of its ancestor routes).

#### `details`

Additional URI properties to include when generating the URI to redirect to (`search`, `hash`, `state`).

#### `children`

You can provide a `children` element that will be rendered until the response generated by the redirect has resolved. This allows you to render some sort of "loading" message, which can be useful if the redirect takes a bit of time and you don't want to just render a blank page.

Commit message:

Update READMEs for new script location
This also changes UMD to script because they are IIFE scripts, not actual UMD builds

packages/curi-react-redirect/README.md, after:

# curi-react-redirect

[![npm][badge]][npm-link]

[badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/curi-react-redirect.svg
[npm-link]: https://npmjs.com/package/curi-react-redirect

## Installation

```
npm install --save curi-react-redirect
```

### Script

If you wish to use `curi-react-redirect` through a `<script>` tag, there is a version available through unpkg.com.

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/curi-react-redirect@0.3.0/umd/curi-react-redirect.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  const Redirect = window.CuriReactRedirect;
</script>
```

The version number above may not always be accurate. To ensure that you are using the most up to date version of the `curi-react-redirect` script build, open https://unpkg.com/curi-react-redirect/dist in your browser and copy the link address for the `curi-react-redirect.js` file. That will provide you with the URI of the most recent release.

**Note:** If you are using the above script, you will have to include `react` and `prop-types` scripts yourself.

## `<Redirect>`

The `<Redirect>` component lets you "render" a redirect. After the `<Redirect>` component has mounted, it will call the appropriate `history` method to navigate to a new URI.

`<Redirect>` works very similarly to a `<Link>`, except instead of having navigation triggered by a click, with a `<Redirect>` the navigation will happen automatically just by rendering the component.

```js
<Redirect to='Home' />
```

### props

#### `to`

The name of the route that should be used to generate the pathname of the URI to navigate to.

#### `params`

Any path params of the route specified with the `to` prop (or the params for any of its ancestor routes).

#### `details`

Additional URI properties to include when generating the URI to redirect to (`search`, `hash`, `state`).

#### `children`

You can provide a `children` element that will be rendered until the response generated by the redirect has resolved. This allows you to render some sort of "loading" message, which can be useful if the redirect takes a bit of time and you don't want to just render a blank page.
