packages/curi-addon-active/README.md, before:

# curi-addon-active

[![npm][badge]][npm-link]

[badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/curi-addon-active.svg
[npm-link]: https://npmjs.com/package/curi-addon-active

This package exports a Curi addon that can be used to determine if a route is "active". That is, the pathname generated by a route matches the current location's `pathname`.

## Installation

```js
npm install --save curi-addon-active
```

### UMD

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/curi-addon-active@0.1.1/umd/curi-addon-active.js"></script>
<!-- there is also a min script: curi-addon-active.min.js -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  const createActiveAddon = window.CuriAddonActive;
</script>
```

The version number above may not always be accurate. To ensure that you are using the most
up to date version of the `curi` UMD build, open https://unpkg.com/curi-addon-active/umd in your
browser and copy the link address for the `curi-addon-active.js` file.. That will provide you
with the URI of the most recent release. There is also a minimized version of the bundle
if you change the file name in the URI to `curi-addon-active.min.js`.

## Usage

```js
import createConfig from 'curi';
import createActiveAddon from 'curi-addon-active';

const config = createConfig(history, routes, {
  addons: [createActiveAddon]
});

const active = config.addons.active('Some Route', response, { id: 10 });
```

Commit message:

Update READMEs for new script location
This also changes UMD to script because they are IIFE scripts, not actual UMD builds

packages/curi-addon-active/README.md, after:

# curi-addon-active

[![npm][badge]][npm-link]

[badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/curi-addon-active.svg
[npm-link]: https://npmjs.com/package/curi-addon-active

This package exports a Curi addon that can be used to determine if a route is "active". That is, the pathname generated by a route matches the current location's `pathname`.

## Installation

```js
npm install --save curi-addon-active
```

### Script

If you wish to use `curi-addon-active` through a `<script>` tag, there is a version available through unpkg.com.

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/curi-addon-active@0.1.1/dist/curi-addon-active.js"></script>
<!-- there is also a min script: curi-addon-active.min.js -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  const createActiveAddon = window.CuriAddonActive;
</script>
```

The version number above may not always be accurate. To ensure that you are using the most up to date version of the `curi-addon-active` script build, open https://unpkg.com/curi-addon-active/dist in your browser and copy the link address for the `curi-addon-active.js` file. That will provide you with the URI of the most recent release.

## Usage

```js
import createConfig from 'curi';
import createActiveAddon from 'curi-addon-active';

const config = createConfig(history, routes, {
  addons: [createActiveAddon]
});

const active = config.addons.active('Some Route', response, { id: 10 });
```
